benefits-and-perks.md, before:

# Benefits & Perks

# Benefits

## Paid Time Off

CONTAX offers 4 weeks of paid vacation and the standard national/state holidays every year. An employee wishing to use their vacation time must obtain approval in writing from their manager at least two weeks prior to the requested vacation. Barring extenuating circumstances, these requests will be approved without delay. Just make sure to check with your team before taking any extended absence, so they’re not left in the lurch.

We don't have a limit on sick days. If you're under the weather, take the time you need to feel better. We really do want your work at CONTAX to be the best work you do in your life, and we appreciate that that's not possible if you're uncertain about your health.

# Perks

## Remote Work

If you have a reason you need to work remotely, you're encouraged to do so. While we genuinely feel that working at the office as a part of a team is often more conducive to performing at a high level, we trust that you'll remain productive and will be reachable via the normal channels (email, dialpad, slack, etc...) while remote.

When you're planning on working remotely, be sure to notify your manager 24hrs in advance and update the shared calendar so that the people who may need to talk with you know where and when they can find you.

Commit message:

PTO Checklist link added to PTO in perks/benefits.

benefits-and-perks.md, after:

# Benefits & Perks

# Benefits

## Paid Time Off

CONTAX offers 4 weeks of paid vacation and the standard national/state holidays every year. An employee wishing to use their vacation time must obtain approval in writing from their manager at least two weeks prior to the requested vacation. Barring extenuating circumstances, these requests will be approved without delay. Just make sure to check with your team before taking any extended absence, so they’re not left in the lurch. In addition, the [Paid Time Off Checklist](pto-checklist.md) is an excellent resource to ensure that you can make the most of your time away from work.

We don't have a limit on sick days. If you're under the weather, take the time you need to feel better. We really do want your work at CONTAX to be the best work you do in your life, and we appreciate that that's not possible if you're uncertain about your health.

# Perks

## Remote Work

If you have a reason you need to work remotely, you're encouraged to do so. While we genuinely feel that working at the office as a part of a team is often more conducive to performing at a high level, we trust that you'll remain productive and will be reachable via the normal channels (email, dialpad, slack, etc...) while remote.

When you're planning on working remotely, be sure to notify your manager 24hrs in advance and update the shared calendar so that the people who may need to talk with you know where and when they can find you.
