cloud-tools.md, before:

# Cloud Tools
CONTAX Melbourne uses a number of cloud-based tools to manage and monitor our consulting workload.

## Outlook (Email)
https://outlook.office.com/owa

We use the full suite of Microsoft Office 365 tools. To that end, our webmail provider is Outlook.

## CONTAX Portal (Timesheets, Expenses)
http://contax.com/Portal/

The CONTAX portal is where we go to fill out our timesheets and submit expense reports among other miscellaneous tasks. As consultants, our product is our time, so this is the most important tool we use.

## Freshservice (Ticketing)
https://contaxsap.freshservice.com

Our customers use Freshservice to open tickets and alert us of any issues or service requests that they may have.

## Dialpad (Telephone)
https://dialpad.com

We don't have phones on our desks, and for good reason. We're consultants who need to be able to be reached when we're on client sites, working remotely or in the office. Dialpad is an enterprise-grade VOIP app that enables us to do just that.

Dialpad is used company-wide at CONTAX, so it is your best option to reach resources in other offices.

## Slack (Chat)
https://contax-inc.slack.com

Slack is a proper chat app, so we in the Melbourne office prefer to use it over dialpad (which is encumbered by the SMS protocol). While it's the preferred chat app in Melbourne as well as some of the other, more forward-thinking CoEs, not all CONTAX resources are using Slack and you may have to fall back to Dialpad to reach them.

## Trello (Workload Management/Kanban)
https://trello.com/contaxaustralia

The Melbourne CoE uses trello to track and assign tasks and projects to resources. This is only used in Melbourne and administered by **Tim**. If you have any issues in Trello, reach out to him directly.

Commit message:

Added Basecamp to cloud computing tools and updated AWS Partner Tier

cloud-tools.md, after:

# Cloud Tools
CONTAX Melbourne uses a number of cloud-based tools to manage and monitor our consulting workload.

## Outlook (Email)
https://outlook.office.com/owa

We use the full suite of Microsoft Office 365 tools. To that end, our webmail provider is Outlook.

## CONTAX Portal (Timesheets, Expenses)
http://contax.com/Portal/

The CONTAX portal is where we go to fill out our timesheets and submit expense reports among other miscellaneous tasks. As consultants, our product is our time, so this is the most important tool we use.

## Freshservice (Ticketing)
https://contaxsap.freshservice.com

Our customers use Freshservice to open tickets and alert us of any issues or service requests that they may have.

## Dialpad (Telephone)
https://dialpad.com

We don't have phones on our desks, and for good reason. We're consultants who need to be able to be reached when we're on client sites, working remotely or in the office. Dialpad is an enterprise-grade VOIP app that enables us to do just that.

Dialpad is used company-wide at CONTAX, so it is your best option to reach resources in other offices.

## Slack (Chat)
https://contax-inc.slack.com

Slack is a proper chat app, so we in the Melbourne office prefer to use it over dialpad (which is encumbered by the SMS protocol). While it's the preferred chat app in Melbourne as well as some of the other, more forward-thinking CoEs, not all CONTAX resources are using Slack and you may have to fall back to Dialpad to reach them.

## Basecamp (Project Management)
https://3.basecamp.com/4400931/

Basecamp is a lightweight project management application. We use it to keep all of our tasks and communications in one place while working on team projects. The structure is set up such that we can invite clients and coworkers alike to join in and work on projects with us. Feel free to do so. For the time being, Melbourne is the only CoE who uses Basecamp, though that is subject to change. Basecamp is administered by **Tim**. If you have any issues with Basecamp let him know and he'll lend a hand.

## Trello (Workload Management/Kanban)
https://trello.com/contaxaustralia

The Melbourne CoE uses Trello to track and assign tasks and projects to resources. This is only used in Melbourne and administered by **Tim**. If you have any issues in Trello, reach out to him directly.
